Have sweet dreams,
Barnaby.
[phone ringing]
Hmm...
Was anyone else in the room
when you got that information?
Kotetsu was with me, but that's it.
Nobody else.
[ringing]
[sighing]
What do you mean,
missing?
[Agnes] Barnaby's gone AWOL and
I absolutely have to talk to him.
We were supposed to meet earlier
about a charity event he's hosting.
Like you don't have enough troubles
without worrying about him.
Leave it to me. I'll track the jerk down
and make him call you back.
I'd appreciate it if
you would.
I'm a bit worried about
Handsome.
I'll say. Hosting an event like that
sounds stressful.
That's not what I
meant, honey.
No?
It's not like him to just disappear
like this. He's serious about his work.
You think he might be in
some kind of trouble?
Come on, this is so like him.
Don't worry, he'll show up
when he feels like it.
[grumbling]
What's wrong? You know
it's true.
[Tiger] So what's going on, people?
What happened to you?
Fall asleep in your salad?
[screaming]
What's wrong?
Barnaby's missing.
Do you happen to have any idea
what's going on with him right now?
Hmm?
You didn't get in a fight with him again,
did you?!
It wasn't really a
fight--
Oh, no you don't! You got in another fight
with him, didn't you?
So it's all your fault.
Why don't you tell us
what you did.
-[nervously chuckling]
-[phone ringing]
I gotta take this, sorry.
[Rock Bison]
He's just gonna walk away?
Kotetsu, go!
Maverick here.
Mr. Maverick--!
This is quite a surprise, sir.
To what do I owe the pleasure?
It's about your partner Barnaby,
I need to speak with you privately.
Ah...
I'm sorry to drag you away,
but could you come to my office, please?
Sure.
Mornin'!
[knocking]
Come in.
You wanted to
see me, sir?
Have a seat. Would you
like some coffee?
I'm fine, sir, thanks.
Don't trouble yourself.
It's no trouble at all.
So, what's this
about Barnaby?
Ah, yes, Barnaby.
Well, you see, I received a rather strange
phone call from him last night.
Strange how?
He said he didn't believe in anything
anymore. That he'd lost his faith.
And I haven't been able to get in contact
with him ever since.
I was hoping you'd have some idea
of what's going through his mind.
Did anything unusual happen?
Anything that might have
set him off?
Well, we learned that it wasn't Jake
that killed Barnaby's parents.
Hm?! It wasn't?!
Turns out Jake had an alibi.
Hmm.
We talked it over, and decided to reopen
the whole investigation.
Then I kinda got him
upset.
But anyway, I'm worried he might lose it
and get himself into trouble again.
I'd say Barnaby's a lucky boy, to have
a partner that worries so much about him.
Oh, well...
[chuckles]
Is something wrong?
Got any cream?
Ah! Why, of course.
Cool. Thanks.
[chuckling]
Hmm?
Now what's the
matter?
Looks like somebody
dropped something...
Hmm?
Well, that's weird.
Yes? Well? What of it?
Oh, it's mine! I guess
I forgot I pinned it on today!
Looks like it must've
fallen off...
I'm really
glad I found it.
Hmm.
[phone ringing]
Sorry about that.
Go right ahead.
Hello? Who?
Samantha?
Oh, Samantha! Yeah, right!
Bunny's old housekeeper!
She does? Okay, well,
tell her I'm on my way.
What was that all about?
This lady's got some
old photo of Bunny.
She says it's important
I see it. She's waiting for me now.
A photo?
Yeah, I better check it out.
Thanks for the coffee, sir.
[grunting]
It's me.
[explosion in the distance]
Yes, I understand.
Right away.
Is there a woman here
to see me?
Perfect timing!
Huh?
A terrorist group just
set off a bomb at a shopping mall.
Really?!
Get over there and help
with the rescue effort.
Right! But I was supposed to
meet this woman here...
Oh don't worry, I'll tell her
to wait for you, now get moving.
Roger! I'm already there!
[news anchor]
Innocent shoppers appear
to have been the target
of this latest atrocity.
While it's still not clear who's
responsible, terrorists are suspected.
Look who's here! It's Wild Tiger,
the first Hero on the scene!
[man] Help's on the way!
Up here, we're up here!
Help us, please!!
[Tiger] Okay, hang on everybody!
I'm coming up!
[woman] Please hurry!
Hurry, help us!
Wild Tiger at your
service!
Nicely done.
That ought to keep him
busy for a while.
Excellent.
I'm sorry to bother you,
I know you must be busy--
He's ready to see you now, ma'am.
If you'll come with me?
Oh. All right.
Is that everybody?
Mikey?!... Mikey!
As you heard, it looks like there may be
at least one child still trapped inside!
Nothing we can do now...
-I'm going in--!
-It's too dangerous!
Did you catch that?!
Whoa!
Mikey!
[news anchor] Unbelievable! Wild Tiger
saves the day!
Wow, you were really
great out there today! Anything to say?
Yeah, what's so unbelievable about it?
Don't act so surprised, okay?
Hey, I wasn't--
It should be more like,
Wild Tiger saves the day as usual!
Watch the road!
[phone ringing]
[man] It's done, sir.
Okay, good. I'll be taking
care of the rest, now.
[whimpering]
Whattaya mean, gone?!
Just that. The woman left.
Maybe she got tired of waiting for you.
I wasn't that long.
Where am I?
Hmm? Ah, you're
awake, I see.
I was hoping for a quiet dinner together,
like we used to do.
But then you
conked out on me...
I suppose I can't blame you.
Being a Hero is hard work.
This is my little home away from home.
Just make yourself comfortable.
Thanks.
[yelping]
Not again...
What the--?
Don't worry, I got somethin' for you too!
See?
So is this one
Bunny's?
Or that one?!
What's goin' on?
I'm sorry, but I can't remember,
did we already discuss what Kriem told me?
You've really
forgotten?
Well then, allow me to
refresh your memory.
In a nutshell, you told me that
Jake murdered your parents for money.
Right, yeah.
Kriem was the last member of Ouroboros.
With her death,
the organization's been destroyed.
That's it exactly,
the case is closed.
[phone ringing]
Sorry.
What is it?
Lloyds here, sir. Sorry to bother you,
and I hope it's not a waste of time,
but Wild Tiger says he's got something
urgent he needs to talk to you about.
You mind if I patch
him through?
Tiger, huh?
Huh?
All right, go ahead. Put
him through.
Are you there, sir?
You said this was urgent?
Yeah. It's about that pin I found on
the floor of your office today, remember?
What about it?
Well, the thing is, it
belongs to Bunny.
[gasps]
You see, I bought a matching set
of those pins, one for each of us.
I first thought
that one was mine...
But then I found mine in
the car.
So the one in your office
obviously was Bunny's.
Was it.
So you see, Bunny was there. He had to
have been in your office earlier.
Well, I...
I mean when you weren't
around.
Hmm?
I'm thinking that whatever happened
to make Bunny disappear,
it happened to him there.
Hmm.
You happen to notice any
signs of a struggle or anything?
No... I can't say that
I have.
Well, all right. Anyway, I'm going to try
and catch Bunny's housekeeper at home.
Oh?
Yeah, she left the studio
before I could see her.
I figure this photo she wants to show me,
maybe it's a clue to where Bunny's gone.
Yes, you may be right...
Let me know if you find out anything.
Right. Got it.
Later, sir.
That man is an utter fool.
A change in plans.
I've just come up with
a better idea.
I'm sorry about that.
Did something happen to
Kotetsu?
No, no. It was nothing
important.
Why? Are you worried
about him?
Well. Sorta. He is my
partner, after all.
[ringing doorbell]
Guess she's not home.
Hmm?
Ms. Samantha?
Huh?!
Whoa! That's really blazin'!
You wanna be more
careful, ma'am.
Forgive the short notice, but I have
something very important to announce.
Something that will affect the future
of Hero TV. And your futures, as well.
[all] Huh?!
We're all ears.
Hold on. Wild Tiger
isn't here yet.
Oh. Yeah, we should
wait for everyone--
Oh, Tiger and Barnaby
already know about it, don't worry.
You found Barnaby?
So where in the world was he?
He was exhausted and
just needed a rest, that's all.
So I guess it wasn't
Tiger's fault after all.
So, let's hear the
big announcement, sir!
Very well.
It's something that I think is sure
to push our ratings through the roof,
but it's still
top secret.
That's why I'm only allowing
the core group to know about it.
If that's the case,
what are the three of us doing here?
I thought I could let you in on the secret
because you three
all know Wild Tiger's true identity.
I'm not quite sure
I'm following you, sir.
Wild Tiger will be the
star of the new project.
[gasping]
The star?!
Please, just tell us!
Come now, let's not be hasty. First,
here's a toast to our future success.
Hmm.
[whimpering]
It won't do. I just can't have you
digging up the past.
Barnaby's finally at a point
where he can live for the future.
To show him this now
would just cause him needless suffering.
[whimpering]
What you have to understand is that
some truths are better left unknown,
for everyone's sake.
Under normal circumstances, I would have
been satisfied in replacing your memories
with the ones I want you to have
and then allowing you to
continue on with your life.
But circumstances have changed.
And because of that, I'm afraid
I'll be needing you to play a far more
important role in my little plan.
[whimpering]
[shivers] It's cold!
I'm really sorry about that, ma'am!
I must've dozed off!
Uh, ma'am?
Oh! Hey, Mr. Lloyds! Good morning...
Any word from Bunny yet? Has he called?
Excuse me?
Bunny. You know, Barnaby. Now it looks
like his old housekeeper's vanished, too.
And just who are you?
Are you a friend of Barnaby's?
Not the time I'd choose
to be making jokes--
but hey, good one, Mr. Lloyds!
Hey! I asked you a
question!
Okay, look, I'm sorry!
It was really, really funny!
Uh.
Hey, excuse me. What's
up with the machine?
I'm sorry, sir. May I
see your employee I.D.?
Huh? Whoa, did something
change since yesterday?
I have no idea who this person is.
Hurry up and get him out of here.
Hey, a joke's a joke, but,
come on, did I do something
to offend you, Mr. Lloyds?
I don't know how you got my name,
but stop pretending we know each other.
[Tiger] But wait!!
Come on, you can tell
me all about it in the office.
Hey, don't you know
who I am? I'm a hero--
You're what?
[clears throat] Good morning!
Lovely day, isn't it?
You're the guy who was just here...
I saw you the whole time.
Come on! Take a good look!
Can't you see who I am?!
Are you supposed to be
Wild Tiger?
Bingo! Very observant.
Now let me in, will ya--?
With a little beard and a mask,
anyone can look like him.
We get fans and loonies
in here all the time,
pretending to be Heroes,
trying to sneak past security...
Look! I'm not a
fan or a loony!
Good morning!
Here's an urgent flash
bulletin from Hero TV!
That's right, ladies and gents,
we've got another fugitive on the run.
Hey, wait a minute,
why didn't anybody tell me about this?
Be on the lookout for this man...
Kotetsu T. Kaburagi!
Described as a homicidal NEXT!!
He's suspected of having murdered
this woman,
68 year-old Samantha Taylor,
a resident of Stern Bild.
Huh?
According to police,
Kaburagi's fingerprints were found
at the victim's home
on a fireplace poker, which is believed
to have been the murder weapon!
What's going on here?
Wait a second...
[chuckling]
First floor lobby!
I've got the suspect right here!
Hey, look, you've
got it all wrong, pal!
Okay, buddy. Calm down. Don't shoot.
Hold it right there!
[sighing]
You got me, guys.
Samantha's dead?
And this is the man who
killed her.
Who is he?
Kotetsu Kaburagi.
Kotetsu... Kaburagi...
He won't get
away with this!
Samantha's gone.
I never repaid her for
everything she'd done for me!